Create ui-c8y-1021-0-8-emit-move-event-only-when-dragstart-event-emits-7376-7507.md (#2608)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-0-8-emit-move-event-only-when-dragstart-event-emits-7376-7507.md

---
date: ""

> title: emit move event only when dragstart event emits (#7376) (#7507)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: The map widget's center coordinate inputs in the configuration should not trigger move events when modified
```

> title: The map widget's center coordinate inputs in the configuration should work consistently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Map widget's center coordinate inputs work consistently
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58182
version: 1021.0.8
---

> emit move event only when dragstart event emits (#7376) (#7507)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The map widget's center coordinate inputs in the configuration should not trigger move events when modified. This issue was leading to a situation where a move event was emitted, which resulted in updates to the center coordinate inputs.
```

Reviewer 2: As a user, it's not clear if the above changelog belongs to an issue regarding which component or feature of the application (in this case: map widget)

> The map widget's center coordinate inputs in the configuration had issues setting the right coordinates by user input. The fix ensures that the user can set the right coordinates also via text input and not only by dragging the map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the configuration of the "Map widget" the center coordinates provided by the user via text input were not set correctly. This change ensures that the user can set the right coordinates also via text input and not only by dragging the map.
```

> The map widget's center coordinate inputs in the configuration should not trigger move events when modified. This issue was leading to a situation where a move event was emitted, which resulted in updates to the center coordinate inputs.

Reviewer: I do not really get what this change is about from a user perspective. What is the fix?

Reviewer: @DawidSAG @janhommes @rahultsag Please check this PR which needs rephrasing

Reviewer 3: @BeateRixen I updated it, can you check?

Reviewer: @janhommes Please check ones more
